---
layout: post
title: MLflow
# subtitle: MLflow
# cover-img: /assets/img/mlflow.png
tags: [MLOps]
comments: true
---
<!-- this is the notes for Coursera MlOps of Duke University -->

## 0. Key Terms

**MLflow Tracking** - Logs key metrics, parameters, models, and other artifacts when running ML code to monitor experiments  
**MLflow Projects** - Configurable standard format for organizing ML code to ensure consistency and reproducibility  
**MLflow Models** - Package ML model files with their dependencies so they can be deployed on diverse platforms  
**Entry Points** - Define the scripts that can be executed within the project workflow  
**Conda Environment** - Specifies the dependencies and software required to recreate the runtime environment  
**Model Registry** – Centralized model storage to manage versions and lifecycle  
**MLflow Artifacts** – Files including model, Conda YAML that detail software environment  
**MLflow Serve** – Expose packaged model via real-time inference REST API

## 1. Install & Use MLflow

Install MLflow
```python
pip3 install mlflow
```

Interact with MLflow UI
```python
mlflow ui
```

Executes an MLflow project locally or from a Git repo with given parameters
```python
mlflow run
```

## 2. Reflections

### MLflow

- How could MLflow improve collaboration in a machine learning team?
- What components of MLflow seem most useful for managing machine learning experiments?
- How might MLflow help address reproducibility issues in machine learning? 
- What kinds of challenges could arise when scaling up MLflow to large datasets or models?

### MLflow Projects

- How do MLflow Projects differ from simply version controlling and sharing code? What additional value do they provide?
- What kinds of challenges could arise when trying to break up a machine learning pipeline into separate reusable steps? How might MLflow help address some of these?
- What are some examples of workflows or use cases that would benefit from being implemented as MLflow Projects?
- How feasible would it be to convert an existing machine learning codebase into an MLflow Project? What would be involved?

### MLflow Models

- What are some advantages of the different deployment options offered by MLflow? When might you choose one over the other?
- How does MLflow make deployment more portable across different platforms? What challenges might still arise?
- Why is the python_function flavor important for deployment? What are some limitations?
- How feasible would it be to take a model deployed locally and migrate it to SageMaker? What would need to change?
- Could the MLflow Model format replace the need for ONNX or PMML model formats? Why or why not?

## 3. Rescources

[MLflow document](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/introduction/index.html)  
[MLflow Projects](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/projects.html)  
[MLflow Models](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/models.html)
